Add hypertable distributed argument and defaults (#1537)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/configuration/configuration.md

### Distributed hypertables

#### `timescaledb.hypertable_distributed_default (enum)`

Set default policy to create local or distributed hypertables for
`create_hypertable()` command, when the `distributed` argument is not provided.
Supported values are `auto`, `local` or `distributed`.

#### `timescaledb.hypertable_replication_factor_default (int)`

Global default value for replication factor to use with hypertables

> when the `replication_factor` argument is not provided in. Default is 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when the `replication_factor` argument is not provided. Defaults to 1.
```
